Ideas and Notes

* Journal Entry:
November 30, 2021
Met as group to pick reserach proposal.  everyine presented their pitch on why the group should pursue their project.
We eventually deciced on Patrick Harvey's reseach proposal.

* Journal Entry:
December 02, 2021
Team proposal was accepted.  Preliminary gantt chart was supposed to be included in our proposal.  The group will have to meet to develope one.

* Journal Entry:
December 06, 2021
Team met to create preliminary gant chart and cleaned up a few data sets.  To make the project easier some data sets will have to be trimed or removed.
skeleton code JADESOUND_STATS.py was uploaded to github.  this script will be developed further once data sets are cleaned and trimed.

* Journal Entry:
December 08, 2021
A subgroup worked on cleaning more data sets, so the stats team could start working on statistcal analysis.  
The cleaning data set group created a sccript to load the data and sort it.  
There was some confusion between team team mates on this was supposed to be accomplished.

* Journal Entry:
December 12, 2021
Team met in person and virtually to clarify any project questions, finish scripts to evaluate data, and trim a few data sets.
Python file "state_abr.py" was pushed to github.  The file is a dictionary of state abbreviations.

Issues encounter:
1. There was an issue with state abbreviations in a few data sets.  Issue was resolved by creating a dictionary to normalize all state names.
2. To many data sets to work with.  Issue was resolved by removing a few to help simplify the project.
3. Which variables should the team foucs on to asnwer research question.  Issue was resolved by discussin and evaluating our goals and interest.
We ultimatly deciced on what variabels we wanted to focus on.

* Journal Entry:
December 13, 2021
state_abr.py was and JADESOUND_STATS.py were updated.
readme.txt was publised to github.

* Journal Entry:
December 15, 2021
Finished up code, and report.  Puerto Rico was removed from the state abrivitaion script, since it was not used.
Added p-values to our stats script.
